

PROJECT TEAM ROLE:

	I am Rizalyne Asaldo, my role in our project team is an UI/UX Designer. UI/UX Designer is responsible in providing excellent user experience through thoughtful design which focuses on ensuring that users can interact with a product in a way that is efficient, enjoyable, and intuitive. I contribute in the project by providing design ideas on the system and ensuring that my deliverables meets the project requirements. As a UI/Ux designer, I have faced challenges in my role and the hardest one is finding the right color palette for theme color which is yellow. Yellow is not really appealing in the eyes nor in the system. Also it is hard for me to see the different shades of the color palette of yellow because I am colorblind. What I have learned in this problem is that you really need to think out of the box, because we do stick to have a white colored website which makes the yellow worst. We think of having dark colored system which is good to combine in yellow. 


TEAMWORK EXPERIENCE:

	Working with my project team went well. It is'nt perfect but it went good. Every design ideas that I have applied always been consult to developers about its feasibility, which cause a litle problem because it seems that once the developer agrees, the other members don’t say much, which could result in the ideas and suggestions of other group members not being entertained, even though they might be important for potential improvements in the design. The improvements that we will imply this time is entertaining all opinions and suggestion of every member of the group to avoid all criticization on the UI/UX designer only. Good communication is really important, for example they are giving opinions and suggestion in a valid and respectful way that makes me think professionally and be more open-minded for changes. 


PERSONAL GROWTH AND DISCIPLINE:

	As a UI/UX Designer, I learned a lot from my past deliverables, collaboration with the group and to the panelist. I really want to improve myself this time by watching a lot of tutorials on how to deepen my skills in figma. I wanna apply tips and techniques to provide a better and on-time deliverables. I wanna be more open-minded in entertaining every suggestions from every other member regardless of their role in the team. Lastly, I want to apply all improvements that suggest by panelist.